MARGINALIA:
Top right (handwritten): 74
Left margin, vertically oriented (stamped/typed): 0.

---

Translation of a letter No. 274 dated 26th April 1940 from the
Residency Agent, Sharjah, to the Political Agent, Bahrain.

After compliments,
I forward herewith copy of the statement of Zahrah bint
Ghuroom, dated 26th April 1940.
2.	Copy of my letter No. 273 dated 26th April 1940 to the
Ruler of Sharjah is also enclosed.
	Usual Ending.

Translation of statement made by the/slave Zahrah bint Ghuloom
bearer of Manumission Certificate No. 96 dated 14th October
1940. Recorded at Sharjah on 26th April 1940.

My name is Zahrah bint Ghuloom. I was formerly the slave
of Jum'ah bin Abdullah of Dubai. Last year I was granted a
Manumission Certificate by the High British Government after
which I lived at Dubai. I have a son aged 14 years named Nasir
bin Bilal a slave of Amnah bint Sa'id wife of Abdullah bin Sa'id
of Dubai [struck: xxx] who since the Dubai disturbances moved to Sharjah
with her three sons, Muhammad, Ghanim and Omair. On the same
date I came from Dubai to Sharjah to visit my above mentioned
son. I went to the house of his mistress Amnah but did not see
him. I asked her about him and she said that she does not know
where he had gone, [struck: xxx] that a month ago he stole some articles
from her and she complained before Shaikh Sultan bin Sagur who
sent him to jail for 15 days, and that after he was released
she does not know where he had gone. But her slave Mabrook who
is in her service at present informed me that 15 days ago at
4 Oclock at night (10.30 p.m.) his mistress Amnah asked him to
call Rashid bin Abdullah bin Huraiz but he did not go and
instead Attoi, a slave woman of Amnah, went and called Rshid
bin Abdullah bin Huraiz who met Amnah at her house and had
some discussions with her which he, the slave Mabrook, did not
hear. After a little time Rashid left followed by Amnah who
returned a little time later to her house alone. The slave
Mabrook alleges that next morning he asked his mistress Amnah
for the breakfast of my son to take it to him at the fort as
usual but his mistress told him that the Shaikhs will give him