MARGINALIA:
Top right, handwritten: 75
Top center, typewritten: - 2 -

TRANSCRIPTION:
breakfast. The same was also repeated at lunch time, and that
since that [struck: he] date he did not see my son Nasir and did not know
anything about him. I therefore come to the Agency of the High
Government praying for help for the return of my son.
L.T.I. of Zaharah bint Ghuloom.

Translation of letter No. 273 dated 26th April 1940 from the
Residency Agent, Sharjah to the Ruler of Sharjah.

After compliments,
Today, Zahrah bint Ghuloom, bearer of Manumission
Certificate No. 96 dated 14th October 1939, came to the Agency
and stated that she has a son named Nasir bin Bilal aged 14 years
who is a slave of Amnah bint Sa'id wife of Abdullah bin Sa'id of
Dubai [struck: xxx] who since the Dubai disturbances had shifted to Sharjah
with her sons Muhammad, Ghanim and Omair. On the same date Zahrah
bint Ghuloom came from Dubai to visit her above mentioned son and
went to the house of his mistress Amnah but did not see him. She
asked his mistress about him and she replied that she did not
know where he had gone, [struck: xxx] that a month ago he stole some articles
from her and she complained before you and that you sent him to
jail for 15 days and that she did not know where he had gone after
his release. But that Mabrook the slave of Amnah had informed
Zahrah bint Ghuloom that 15 days ago at 4 Oclock Arabic at night
his mistress Amnah asked him to call Rashid bin Abdullah to her
but that he did not go and instead Attoi, a slave woman of Amnah,
went and called Rashid bin Abdullah bin Auraiz who met Amnah at
her house and had some discussions with her which the slave
Mabrook did not hear. And that a little time later Rashid left
followed by Amnah who returned [struck: xxxxxx] to her house a little
time after, alone. The slave Mabrook alleges that in the morning
he asked his mistress Amnah for the breakfast of her son to take
it to him at the fort but she said that the Shaikhs will give him
breakfast. The same was also repeated at lunch time. And that since
that date he did not see her son Nasir [struck: xxx] /and did not know anything about him.
I therefore request you to institute enquiries in the
about
matter and to inform me what became of him and /the result of the
enquiries and the action taken by you in the matter. H.R.