MARGINALIA:
Top right, handwritten: 80
Left margin, handwritten: §
Left margin, handwritten: A

---

[typewritten]
- 3 -

Translation of the statement of Salim bin Ali of Qal'at al Awamir,
east of Nazwah, who frequently comes to Sharjah since 30 years.
Recorded at Sharjah on 30th May 1940.
------
Three years ago I went as a diver with Muhammad bin Abdulla
bin Sa'id, the son of Amnah bint Sa'id. About two and a half months
ago Amnah sent a woman messenger to me, whose name I do not recall,
I went to her and found some women with her. She asked me to take
her slave, Nasir, to Shaikh Sultan to imprison him until sunset.
The slave remained in jail for about a week. Then she sent for me
again and asked me to bring him from the fort. I went to Shaikh
Sultan and informed him of the matter and he ordered me to return
him to her and I did so.
L.T.I. of Salim bin Ali.

------

Translation of letter No. 357 dated 30th May 1940 from the Residency
Agent, Sharjah, to the Ruler of Sharjah.

------

After compliments,
Reference my letter No. 273 dated 26th April 1940 (17th
Rabi I 1359) and my reminder No. 314 dated 6th May 1940 and the
subsquent conversations to which I had no reply from you except
denial about what had happened regarding the case of the boy Nasir
bin Bilal. We have recovered the slave of Amnah bint Sa'id, the
above mentioned Nasir, and according to his statement Salim bin Ali
took him from your fort at six o'clock at night to the house of his
mistress Amnah bint Sa'id and then immediately to the mounds west
of the aerodrome where he delivered him to Rashid Mankhar and three
beduins who took him to Hafit and then to Baraimi where he was sold
to Ibn 'Abbood who sold him to Shaikh Azz'a bin Sultan. Salim
admits that he took him to the fort and he had released him and
took him to Amnah. In view of the above it is proved beyond any
doubt that Salim had conspired with Amnah about the sale of the boy
Nasir. Salim is being sent to you with this letter. I request you
to inform me of the punishment you inflict on them. U.E.

------
Translation of letter No. 358 dated 30th May 1940 (22 Rabi II 1359)
from the Residency Agent, Sharjah, to the Ruler of Abu Dhabi.