MARGINALIA:
Top right, handwritten: 34
Top right, handwritten (circled): $\frac{3}{5}$

---

TRANSCRIPTION:
2.
girl to the Bedouin Reza and Abdul Karim went to Sa'ad al Sharif
who paid the money to Reza Habib out of which Abdul Karim took
Rs.100/-. Reza Habib is the same individual referred to in the
confidential correspondence ending with your letter No.139-1-A/13
dated 18th February 1939.

3.  Abdul Karim bin Muhamad was at Sharjah but came on 20th May
1939 to Debai in search of a Nakhuda in order to go to diving
with him. It happened that while he was standing at the motor
stand at Debai he saw Sa'ad al Sharif waiting for a car to go to
Ajman. After a short while Abdul Karim met Reza bin Habib near
the coffee-shop and the latter asked him as to whether he knew
anyone who wanted to purchase a slave. Abdul Karim told him that
he was a stranger but he would search for some one. He went at
once to the coffee-shop and spoke to Sa'ad al Sharif who told him
that he would not purchase anyone in the town but he would do so
outside the town or at Braimi. Sa'ad further stated that the
seller should be held responsible if the girl is discovered to
be a free born person. Abdul Karim informed Reza of what Sa'ad
said and after some negotiations it was agreed that the
sale price should be Rs.400/-. On the 4th June Reza took her
outside the town on the pretext of collecting unripe dates for
him[struck: s] and there a Bedouin was concealing himself among the
trees. The Bedouin took delivery of her and put her on his camel
after handing over to Reza a paper written by Sa'ad. On Reza's
return Sa'ad paid him Rs.400/- and the former paid Rs.20/- to
Abdul Karim and not Rs.100/- as alleged by him. Sa'ad promised
to pay Abdul Karim another Rs.20/- after a few days. Abdul Karim
alleges that he came to the Oman Coast about two years ago and
worked as a watchman with Shaikh Sultan bin Saqar, Ruler of
Sharjah and left his service about two months ago. He belongs to
the Anazah tribe of Nejd.

4.  Sa'ad bin Ahmad al Sharif has been born in Safaijer of Nejd
and is a trader. He came 10 years ago to Debai where he took
his residence. It appeals that he purchased the girl for those
who deal in slavery at Braimi. A certain Abdullah bin Gharib

known