MARGINALIA:
top right: 33 2/1 (handwritten in ink)

TRANSCRIPTION:
Translation of a letter No.372, dated 10th June 1939, from
the Residency Agent, Sharjah, to the Political Agent, Bahrain.
-------------------

A.C.

    I beg to state that on the evening of 6th June 1939 Muhamad
bin Habib informed Shaikh Said bin Maktum that his brother Reza
Lari has sold Maryam bint Mabrook who was serving him in his
house. Maryam is the daughter of Mabrook, slave of the sons of
Habib, who was manumitted and died 7 years ago. Mabrook left
Maryam who remained with her mother Fatimah who is a free born
person and not a slave of anyone.

    The Ruler of Dubai sent a man at once to arrest Reza but the
latter managed to ran away from the Shaikh's man. The Shaikh on
hearing that Reza had ran away sent his men inside and outside
the town in search of Reza and in the morning of the 7th June
the Shaikh's men succeeded in arresting Reza who had concealed
himself behind some rocks in the Seaplane Base at sea. Reza was
taken to the Shaikh but he denied having sold Maryam and stated
that he did not know anything about the matter. The Shaikh issued
orders for flogging Reza publicly and after beating him severely
and he was about to die he admitted that he had sold Maryam
through one Abdul Karim of Anazah tribe to a certain Sa'ad bin
Ahmad al Sharif of Nejd who has been residing at Dubai for years.
The Shaikh issued instructions for arresting and keeping both
the individuals in prison.
2.  Reza declared that 10 days ago/he met Abdul Karim he
questioned him for 2 or 3 days about the slaves and the latter
xxx told him that he knew nothing about them. At last Reza told
Abdul Karim that he had a young slave for sale. Abdul Karim took
him to Sa'ad bin Ahmad al Sharif who agreed to purchase Maryam
for Rs.400/- on condition that Reza should get her outside the
town and hand her over to one of the Bedouins. The price would
be paid to Reza after having done so. On the 4th June Reza told
Maryam to go to the date gardens outside the town and bring
unripe dates for him as usual. A Bedouin was waiting for her
outside the town. Abdul Karim to whom the girl was shown on
way without her knowledge was also there. After handing over the