MARGINALIA:
Top right (handwritten): 79

TRANSCRIPTION:
accused me of having stolen them but my protests were of no avail
and she insisted that I should return them in spite of the fact
that I did not steal them. I offered to return their equivalent
after obtaining money from my mother but my mistress, Amnah,
insisted that I should return the same things themselves. She
immediately sent for Salim bin Ali and asked me him to take me
to the fort. Salim took mo to Shaikh Sultan and informed him
that I had stolen the Halwa and ghee. The Shaikh ordered my
imprisonment and I remained in prison for about 12 days, after
which I was taken to the house of my mistress, Amnah, at about
midnight, six OoXlock(Arabic). Then my mistress gave/a pot of
ghee and Rs. 5/- and told me to go with Salim to my mother and
to purchase with the five rupees ghee for her (Amnah) and at the
same time ordered me to take my bedding and told me to remain
with my mother at Dubai until my master, Muhammad bin Abdullah,
returns from India. I then went with Salim bin Ali and when we
reached the mounds west of the aerodrome Salim lighted a match
as a signal. Then four persons appeared of whom I only knew
Rashid Mankhar who was in the service of Shaikh Sultan during
the war with Dubai but I do not know the names of the other
three persons. They immediately tied me from behind, covered my
eyes and closed my mouth. Then they talked with Salim after
which he returned and they put me on the back of a camel and
took me to their camp which was a few miles east of Sharjah
where I remained for a day after which they took me to Hafit
where no body purchased me then they took me to Baraimi where
I was purchased by an Omani shop keeper at Baraimi knows as Ibn
Abbood, whose father's name I do not know, for a sum of Rs. 250/-
Shaikh Hazz'a was there then and he took me to him at Murai,qai'
and he purchased me from him but I do not know on what terms.
After remaining there for about two months he sent me to Abu
Dhabi. I did not inform them of what had happened to me. After
that I went to the desert with Shaikh Zayid at a place called
Helewan. When the Residency Agent's letter was/Shaikh Shakhboot.
He sent for me and asked me if I wanted to go or not and when
I told him that I want to go he sent me in a car to the Agency.
We reached Dubai last night where I went to my mother and in the
morning came to Sharjah in Shaikh Shakhboot's car.