MARGINALIA:
Top right, handwritten: 7.
Top right, handwritten inside a circle: 8

---

Kuwait News up to February 1st 1917.
-----------------------------------

January 16th. The Shaikh sent to me a young man about 22 years of
age who had come into Kuwait with a Shagra caravan bringing a letter
from Bin Jaluwi, Bin Saud's representative in Nejd. He called himsel
Ali bin Abdullah bin Mahommad, claimed to be of the Shereefial family
and a near relative of Ali Pasha bin Abdullah who now resides in [struck: Exgy]
Egypt. According to his statement, he was born in Yemen but had been
studying in various places in Turkey since the outbreak of the war.
He was just a private person with no wish to have anything to do with
politics, or to take sides with any combatant. He was a mere student
and now he wished to go on to Egypt or Sanna via India. He is fair-
-ish and looks mor Turk than Arab, speaks Arabic grandiloquently, is
flashily dressed and wears a diamond ring which he flourishes while
he talks. He volunteered the information that Shereef Mahommad al
Yamani and two Turkish officers [struck: xxxxx] were at Rass south of Borei-
-dah with camels carrying money etc for the Turkish troops in Yemen.
This is the party who were believed to be and probably are in fact,
the Turkish Mission to Bin Saud.
January 25th. I returned to Kuwait after a visit to Basra to find
that Shaikh _J_abir had been ill for several days- it was sáad with
malarial fever.
January 27th. Visited Shaikh Jabir at his house and found him in
high fever. He was being attended by Assistant Surgeon Kelly suggest
-ed a consultation with Dr. Mylrea.
January 28th. H.E. the Shaikh very ill temperature 105⁰ had an
attack of hiccoughslasting 8 hours to which he nearly succumbed.
January 29th. Received visit from Nakkib of Basra. Shaikh Jabir's
condition improved: temperature went down to 101⁰-4
The Ajman are reported to have gone beyond Hafar. They are
afraid of Bin Saud and the intentions of the Dhafir. They are pro-
-bably manoeuvouring so as to be able to join the Shammar in case of
a conflict between them and Bin Saud during the spring. They will
not wish not wish to provoke the British Government directly as they
are