MARGINALIA:
top right: 121

TRANSCRIBED DOCUMENT:

Translation of letter No.487 dated 15th July 1941 from the
Residency Agent, Sharjah, to the Political Agent, Bahrain.

After compliments,
     I forward herewith copies of the following correspondence
     1. Statement dated 8th July 1941 made by Mutairah bint
        Mubarak.
     2. My letter No.482 dated 8th July 1941 to the Ruler of
        Ras al Khaimah.
'Usual Ending.'

Translation a statement made by Mutairah bint Mubarak of Ras al
Khaimah, aged about 35 years. Recorded at Sharjah on 8th July 1941

          My name is Mutairah bint Mubarak. My mother, Sa'dah, my
brothers Hareb and Anbar and myself were originally the slaves of
Sa'id bin Obaid al Kanni of Ras al Khaimah who died about 4 years
ago but who before his death set me and my mother free but my
brothers Hareb and Anbar remained in the service of 'Alya bint
Isa bin Buti wife of Khalifah bin Abdulla of Ras al Khaimah. Two
months ago Khalifah tricked my brother, Anbar, whose age is about
25 years, into going out to the date gardens by telling him that
he wanted him to repair a hut, and there he delivered him to
Abdulla bin Ali bin Mazro'o of Sharjah who in turn delivered him t
to the bedouins. I have learnt that he was taken to Baraimi and
that he is still there. I reported the matter to Shaikh Sultan
bin Salim of Ras al Khaimah immediately and he promised to have
him returned but inspite of my going to him frequently about the
matter upto 20 days ago I had no result. I therefore came to
Sharjah about 4 days ago and put up with Maryam bint Obaid, the
sister of my master who set me free. I now come to the Agency
to request help for the return of my brother.

Translation of letter No.282 dated 8th July 1941 from the
Residency Agent, Sharjah to the Ruler of Ras al Khaimah.

After compliments,
     Mutaira bint Mubarak came to the Agency to report that
her brother 'Anbar bin Mubarak was sold at Ras al Khaimah by
Khalifah bin Abdulla, the husband of 'Alya bint Isa bin Buti to
Abdulla bin Ali bin Mazro'o who delivered him tomthe bedouins,
and that she learnt that he is at Buraimi. She also states that
she has reported the matter to you immediately and that inspite
of your promise to have her brother returned he did not return up
to the present. I have therefore given her this letter to you
with the request that you will try to have her brother returned
and to inform me about the matter. U.E.